Consort Qin Feiyang
Why is he here?
Who am I?
This is not the imperial capital
The famous flying concubine? Hahaha
Swept my uncle's last name
Why don't you hurry over and kneel down and admit your mistake?
Master Chen saw that Lao Tzu was still alive
Are you surprised?
How could he possibly know that I hired the rescue warrant?
What does it matter to me whether you are dead or alive?
I don't even understand what you're saying.
Master Qian is really elegant
While sitting and buying breasts to kill
While drinking and painting in this romantic and snowy moon
It's a pity that the breasts I bought are rubbish
The painting is also a piece of waste paper
No one in the entire imperial capital knows
You Qin Feiyang's pair of pen and ink Danqing
That's clueless.
What right do you have to comment on my words?
I see you are drawing landscapes
It's a pity that there are mountains and rivers in the sky
But there is no charm of landscape
It's just the Buddha painted above.
Painted prototype
At your level
Not even beginners
I'm too embarrassed to show it.
Find a few sycophants here to blow themselves cold
Don't be ashamed, you